Add local api security considerations (#59)
ietf-wg-wimse/draft-ietf-wimse-workload-identity-practices: draft-ietf-wimse-workload-identity-practices.md

### Local APIs

> Local APIs often operate in clear-text (e.g., via HTTP) and don't implement
> transport-layer encryption. Privileged component on the machine or in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Local APIs often operate in clear text such as unencrypted HTTP without any confidentiality or integrity protection. Privileged component on the machine or in the
```
